-==Table of Contents==-
To find a chapter, do Ctrl/Command + F, and then search for the chapter you want to get to.

Afilliations
Prologue
Chapter 1

-==Affilliations==-

Thunder Clan

Leader:
Roaringstar - Broad-shouldered tawny tom-cat
      
Deputy:
Lizardtail - Pointy-tailed golden she-cat
      
Medicine Cat:
Songfeather - Soft golden she-cat
Apprentice:
Rosepaw - Flame colored she-cat with a white mane

Warriors:
Runningstorm - Grey tom-cat
Gingerflame - Flame colored she-cat with a pure white belly
Icemask - Depressed white tom-cat
Cloudbush - Fluffy white she-cat
Apprentice: Juniperpaw
Twistedriver - Very dark grey tom-cat

Queens:
Softtail - Siamese she-cat with a bushy tail
Spottedsky - Tuxedo she-cat

Apprentices:
Ravenpaw - Black she-cat with a white chest
Juniperpaw - Flame colored she-cat. Rosepaw's sister
Greenpaw - Greenish-grey tom-cat with a short tail

Kits:
Bravekit - White she-kit with a black chest
Brokenkit - Leopard spotted tom-kit with paralyzed back legs
Cloverkit - Spunky calico tom-kit

Shadow Clan

Leader:
Leafstar - Lilac tabby tom-cat
      
Deputy:
Foxpool - Flame colored she-cat with white paws and tail tip
      
Wind Clan

Leader:
Redstar - Cinnamon colored she-cat
      
Deputy:
Silvernose - Shiny grey tom

River Clan

Leader:
Lionstar - Huge tom with apricot fur and a ginger mane
      
Deputy:
Pigeoneyes - Blue-cream tortie she-cat with blue left eye and green right eye</p>

-==Prologue==-

A tawny cat lay in the middle of a clearing with another golden cat.

"Nothing's going to change, Roaringstar. Everything stays the same for thousands upon thousands of moons. The only real change the clans have ever seen is moving to the island, and even that's an elder's tale!" the golden cat whispered hastily.

Roaringstar sighed. "I know, Lizardtail, I know. I've heard the tales many times. The elder's elders, even, don't remember any change happening. All 4 clans have warred over these many moons, and territorial disputes have been won and lost. I don't know if we can fix this without something drastic happening." He looked up at the sky as the stars gleamed off their shining coats.

Suddenly, another golden cat burst out of the ferns surrounding the medicine cat's clearing. "Roaringstar! Roaringstar!"

"Songfeather! What's going on?"

Songfeather panted. "Star..." She panted again. "Star...clan gave me a... me... message."

Lizardtail and Roaringstar gasped. Songfeather resumed speaking. "They sent a very... mmm... strange prophecy. It doesn't seem to be in code." Clearing her throat, she said the prophecy. "Protect all clans. Something big is coming. It will change everything."

Songfeather slowly shuffled back to the clearing. Roaringstar and Lizardtail continued chatting quietly under the half moon. Suddenly, the medicine cat turned around. "Oh, and guys?"

The two friends stopped and looked questioningly at her. "Firestar, the cat known of only from legends, told the prophecy to me."

Songfeather wiggled back into the ferns, but Roaringstar was frozen with shock.

The golden deputy was confused. "What's wrong?"

Roaringstar looked up at the brightest stars longlingly. He whispered under his breath, "Firestar."

-==Chapter 1==-

Gasping, Juniperpaw jerked awake. Her tail twitched violently.

"Juniperpaw, your tail is hitting me!" Greenpaw yelled.

"Sorry." She sighed. "It just twitches on it's own. It's done this since the last gathering and I don't know what it's supposed to mean."

Greenpaw smirked. "You mean it's some dumb prophecy like your dumb sister always talks about?"

Ravenpaw woke up and silently listened from the corner of the clearing.

"She's not dumb! She's a medicine cat apprentice. Her actual job is to listen to Star Clan and convey their messages."

"Why can't she just stick to helping sick cats like the name suggests?"

"That's not her only job! Words can have more than 1 meaning, Greenpaw."

"Oh, I didn't know that, O great Juniperpaw! Thank you for your heavenly knowledge."

They both yelled at each other back and forth until Ravenpaw finally interjected. "Will you 2 stop?!"

Greenpaw stared at her intensely, then strutted out of the apprentice's clearing, his tail wiggling irritably.

Juniperpaw stood up and stretched. "Thanks Ravenpaw."

"You're welcome."

Juniperpaw licked her paws before existing the clearing. Rosepaw came into the main clearing at the same time. She ran over to her. "Hey! Rosepaw!"

Rosepaw yawned and said, "Hey sister. I saw Greenpaw come out of the apprentice's clearing. What's that about?"

"He was grumbling about how prophecies and medicine cats are fake. I argued with him, but Ravenpaw broke it up. Greenpaw's just angry, that's all."

Rosepaw's inquiring expression quickly turned to an annoyed one. "What did he say?"

"He thinks... he thinks you should stick to helping sick cats. I don't think he believes in Starclan."

Her sister laughed. "Starclan or no Starclan, Greenpaw would still be a jerk." Juniperpaw smiled.
